Deprecate data plane samples (#9)
Azure-Samples/event-grid-python-public-consume-events: README.md

# Microsoft Azure Event Grid Publish/Consume Samples for Python

> The repository has been depreacted. Please follow the following links below for the samples related to the latest version of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository has been deprecated. Please follow the links below for the samples related to the latest version of:
```

> * Management Plane: https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-samples-python-management/blob/master/samples/eventgrid/manage_servicename.py

Reviewer: It might be a bit better pointing to the dir which contains a readme for instructions
```suggestion
* Management Plane: https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-samples-python-management/blob/master/samples/eventgrid
```
